>> Estelle Weyl: One thing,
I'm going to cover specificity twice.
I'm gonna cover it now briefly.
Because I'm gonna talk about
it throughout the talk, and
I'm gonna talk about it
more in depth later.
So, when I talk about specificity,
I'm going to say things
like 0-0-1, 0-0-1 is basically the weight.
So the lowest weight is the one
on the right-hand side.
The one in the middle is the medium.
And the biggest strength is on the left.
So no matter what you have
in this position right here,
if you have 0-0- 24.
That will be less specific than 0- 1- 0.
>> Estelle Weyl: It's basically
when you're comparing specificity you
compare the different columns and
which ever one has the highest number.
In the most,
in the column with the most weight so
whichever one has the highest
number here wins.
If they have the same number here,
then you go over to here and
whichever one has the highest number wins.
And if they have the same number
in this second value, ops!
Then you go over to the third number.
And you say,
which one has the highest value?
And that's the one that wins
in terms of specificity.
If you have two with the exact same value,
so let's say you have,
color equals green, and
color equals blue, on a paragraph.
It's both, it's hitting this
paragraph you want it to be, but
the paragraph has an ID and a class and
it's a paragraph, what is the way,
which one takes precedence,
the one that says my ID,
my class paragraph, we'll have 1- 1-1,
and so it'll be heavier,
it will have more specificity than just
0-0-1 which is just saying paragraph.
But if you have two things say
make all the paragraphs blue, and
two things saying make
the paragraphs green,
it is the one that comes latest in
the cascade that takes precedent.
So that's the cascading part.
There's specificity and
then there's the cascade.
And then there's inheritance.
So I am going to talk about the weight,
and so I want to cover this, but
we're going to talk about
specificity a little later on.